Bug-1771328 Persist WebExtensions menus release note (#38814)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/128/index.md

- Support added for the {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.RuleCondition")}} property `domainType` ([Firefox bug 1797408](https://bugzil.la/1797408)).
- Extensions containing an unrecognized property in [manifest key `browser_specific_settings.gecko`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) now load with a warning. Previously, these extensions errored on installation. This ensures that if a new `browser_specific_settings.gecko` property is added, extensions using that new property will load in versions of Firefox back to this release ([Firefox bug 1757293](https://bugzil.la/1757293)).

> - Context menus created with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.create")}} now persist across extension restart in Manifest V3 extensions with a non-persistent background context ([Firefox bug 1771328](https://bugzil.la/1771328)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Context menus created with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.create")}} now persist more reliably across restarts of extensions with a non-persistent background script. Previously there were cases where the menu registration would disappear ([Firefox bug 1771328](https://bugzil.la/1771328)).
```

This is not MV2-specific. And the menu items were often already persistent, there were just a few corner cases where it disappeared.

Author: ```suggestion
- Context menus created with {{WebExtAPIRef("menus.create")}} now persist more reliably across restarts of extensions with a non-persistent background script. Previously, there were cases where the menu registration disappeared ([Firefox bug 1771328](https://bugzil.la/1771328)).
```
